add pool caching (#350)
portworx/pxdocs: content/reference/CLI/service.md

weight: 16
---

> Portworx's CLI tool (`pxctl`) lets you run various service operations such as:

Author: @nathan-px solved

> - perform a node audit

Reviewer: Capitalize the start of bullet lists

```suggestion
- Perform a node audit
```

- manage the call home feature
- generate diagnostics package

> - get the version of the installed softwate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get the version of the installed software
```

- configure kvdb
- place Portworx in maintenance mode
- manage physical storage drives

These commands are helpful when you want do debug issues related to your _Portworx_ cluster.

> You can get an overview of the available service operations by running:

Reviewer: "get" is a pretty generic verb, I tend to favor something more descriptive to the action. In this case: "see"
```suggestion
You can see an overview of the available service operations by running:
```

   --help, -h  show help
```

> ## How to Perform a Node Audit

Reviewer: These headlines are much improved. I think you can drop the "How to" portion of them
```suggestion
## Perform a Node Audit
```

> You can audit the node with:

Reviewer: A small detail, but is `pxctl` specific to Portworx nodes? 

```suggestion
You can audit the node with:
```

Author: @nathan-px Yes, it's the CLI tool

PX Kernel Module Version:  72D3C244593F45167A6B49D
```

## How to Configure kvdb

> You can configure kvdb with `pxctl service kvdb`. To get an overview of the available subcommands, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the KVDB with `pxctl service kvdb`. To get an overview of the available subcommands, run:
```

Author: @nathan-px Probably better to create a new JIRA.

   restore      Restore keys and values into kvdb from a kvdb.dump file
```

## How to Place Portworx in Maintenance Mode

> Running `pxctl service maintenance ` will tell the cluster that it is going down for maintenance. Once the server is offline, you can add/remove drives, add memory, etc…

Reviewer: It's not clear to me what "to tell the cluster that it is going down for maintenance" is referring to. Does this instruct Portworx to place the cluster in a maintenance state? 

```suggestion
Run the `pxctl service maintenance` command to tell the cluster that it is going down for maintenance. Once the server is offline, you can add/remove drives, add memory, etc…
```

Author: @nathan-px Probably better to create a new JIRA.

Author: @nathan-px Yes, I think so.

To rebalance the storage across the drives, use pxctl service drive rebalance. This is useful after prolonged operation of a node.

## How to Display Drive Information

> You can use `pxctl service drive show` to display drive information on the server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `pxctl service drive show` command to display drive information on the server:
```

```output
PX drive configuration:
Pool ID: 0
    IO_Priority: LOW
    Size: 100 GiB
    Status: Online
    Has meta data: Yes
    Drives:
    1: /dev/mapper/volume-e85a42ca, 1.0 GiB allocated of 100 GiB, Online
```

## How to Configure Email Settings for Alerts

> Here's how you can get the list of available subcommands:

Reviewer: The language here isn't consistent with the language used in the other steps:

```suggestion
You can use the `pxctl service email` command to list the available subcommands:
```

   update    Update pool properties
```

## How to Update Pool Properties

> `pxctl service pool update` lets you perform several operations such as resizing a pool, setting the IO priority or adding labels:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `pxctl service pool update` command lets you perform several operations including the following: 
* Resize a pool
* Set the IO priority
* Add labels
```
